Check if hackers have your user names, passwords and email address

From: https://www.komando.com/tips/263947/check-if-hackers-have-your-user-names-and-passwords

It hasn't been a good year for company security. I've told you about the major data breaches at Target, 
Yahoo!, Adobe, Michael's, Neiman Marcus, eBay, Goodwill and plenty of others. That's just the tip of the 
iceberg.

If you add in smaller data breaches, there were more than 2,000 breaches in the last year, and hackers 
got their hands on more than 800 million user records! Hackers released a lot of this information online, 
just for fun.

Fortunately, some helpful programmers put together ways to see if hackers have released your information.

The story isn't as one-sided as it might seem, though, because it isn't just legitimate retailers and 
online sites that get hacked. Hackers can use bad passwords and have poor security, too.

Plenty of hackers attack other hacker sites, steal information and then release it online.

That's where a new site called Indexeus comes in. It claims to have 200 million records from data 
breaches at more than 100 sites. The thing is that while there is some information from big retailer data 
breaches in there, most of the information is from hacker sites.

That means you can go in and search for usernames, email addresses, passwords and other details on 
hackers. Once you have that information, you can often find out who they are in real life - also known as 
"doxing."

Security researcher Brian Krebs doxed the owner of Indexeus - nicknamed "Dubitus" - and found out his 
real name is Jason Relinquo, he's 23 and his lives in Lisbon, Portugal.

Ironically, Relinquo teaches a $25 course in how to dox and how to stop people from doxing you. I guess 
he needs to take his own class.

When Indexeus was first released, it made waves because it told hackers they could make a $1 payment to 
the site to have their information taken out, which lots of hackers complained was blackmail.

Now - according to Relinquo - anyone can remove their information for free if they ask. You do still have 
to pay to download any data from the site, though. Of course, the site might not last that long. Since I 
started writing this, it has been up and down quite a bit and it wouldn't let me register.

I'd say some of the hackers decided to go on the offensive and take it down themselves. I guess they 
didn't believe Indexeus' disclaimer:

The purpose of Indexeus is not to provide private information about someone, but to protect them by 
creating awareness. Therefore we are not responsible for any misuse or malicious use of our content and 
service.

 So, what do you think? Is Indexeus poetic justice for hackers? Is it just another way hackers are 
exploiting information that isn't theirs?

Is it an educational tool as it says? Or is it a little bit of everything?

Let me know in the comments.

If you want to give Indexeus a look, keep in mind that since this site hit the news, its traffic is 
overwhelming servers. If the site is not working, try back in a few hours.
